#summary Quick guide to get started using guasax framework .

= Introduction =

A more complete quickstart is coming soon in [http://www.guasax.com].
For a more detailed introduction to guasax we have prepared this presentation [http://guasax.files.wordpress.com/2007/04/introduction_to_guasax_framework_en_release_11-04-2007.ppt]

= Adding guasax library =

 # Create a new Flex project in Flex Builder.
 # Create a lib directory in your Flex project
 # Download GuasaxLibrary-src-v.0.9.a.rar file.
 # On the project name in the project navigator, right click and select Properties.
 # On the left, select "Flex Build Path".
 # Select "Library path" tab.
 # Click the "Add SWC" button.
 # Browse in the filesystem to locate the GuasaxLibrary.swc file where you had extracted it from GuasaxLibrary-src-v.0.9.a.rar.
 # Press "OK" to commit your changes. 
 # The next step is to create a locale folder (in your project root),then put inside it the en_US folder extracted from guasaxlib-0.9.zip.You get the next skeleton:
   +ROOT-PROJECT-FOLDER
             |
            +*locale*
                    |
                   +*en_US*
                          |
                         _{{{GuasaxMessages}}}.properties_
 # Finally, on the project name in the project navigator, right click and select Properties.Then, on the left, select "Flex Compiler" and include in the textbox behind 'Additional compiler arguments' the next line:
   -source-path+=../locale/{locale} -locale=en_US

*Note* that this path is relative to source code path













